
                                    BLOGPING
                                    ========

                         A weblog aggregator ping proxy
                                by Keith Gaughan


Background
==========

While sitting in a Boston hotel room one weekend, filled to the gills with
some noxious disease I picked up either on the plane the weekend before or in
the office later that week, I found myself in need of something to do. Heading
out was out of the question, and American TV is, well, rubbish. It was a matter
of either doing something productive or going daft.

So I wrote a weblog ping proxy.


Usage
=====

If you're setting it up, the first thing you should think about changing is
the './configuration/configuration.php' file. It's well commented, and each
setting is explained in it. Edit them there to taste. Next, you'll have to
edit the templates in the 'template' directory, and the 'assets/screen.css'
file to suit the look of your ping proxy.

It should be fire and forget, but if you've any problems, head to the project
site and contact me.


Technical Details
=================

You'll need PHP obviously. It works just fine on PHP 5 (which I have on my
laptop) and PHP 4 (which the server hosting the copy on my site runs). A quick
scan through the PHP manual lets me know that PHP 4.3 is the minimum you'll
need, though it can be changed to run on PHP 4.2 and maybe even PHP 4.1 if
you don't mind using some deprecated features.

It doesn't depend on any PECL modules, so it should be deployable everywhere.
It doesn't care about your magic quotes settings, but turn them off anyway if
you can 'cause it's a retarded misfeature.

The HTTP client code is pretty robust and designed to work with even the most
slow and petulant aggregators (*cough* PlanetPHP *cough*), but it doesn't
understand the chunked transfer encoding, so be warned. Also the code for
inspecting the response cheats somewhat. Rather than digging through the
document, we just look for 'flerror' and 'message' and extract the values
following them. Simple, but effective.


Contacting
==========

I don't give out my email address anymore due to spam, but I do have a contact
form on my website. You can email me from:

	http://talideon.com/about/contact/

Don't worry if I don't get back immediately. I'll probably be too busy, but be
assured that I'll be feeling guilty about not mailing back. I'm not kidding!

The project site is at:

	http://blogping.sourceforge.net/


History
=======

0.1 (Some time around the big snowstorm in Boston in February 2006)
	Initial version.

1.0 (2006-05-02)
	First public code release.

1.1 (2006-05-14)
	Removed some remaining IWPP code and assets. First SourceForge release.
